
**Introduction**

In today’s world, solving transportation problems has been one of chief tasks confronting governments in developing countries since transportation directly contributes to the economic growth and specialization associated with urban areas. In China, there are many kinds of transportation problems exist, like congestions in urban areas and limited land resources that make it difficult to build new infrastructure such as highways and freeways. Here, what I’m going to focus on is relatively high rate of traffic accidents on the road. 

In recent years, the vehicle number and highway mileage are increasing rapidly along with the continuous improvement of road infrastructure construction in China. This has contributed to the economic development but also had some negative effects: frequent road traffic accidents. Some reports indicated that 50%–60% of all congestion delays are caused by traffic accidents that happened in cities. Beyond congestions, the harm of traffic fatality to social life is extremely serious. It is always threatening our personal safety and has become a serious social problem, which is worthy of our attention. However, one characteristic about traffic fatality is that it has strong randomness. The randomness is influenced by the factors such as driver and passenger characteristics, vehicle types, traffic conditions, and geometric design characteristics. Nevertheless, it is difficult for us to figure out the complex relationship between traffic fatalities and various influencing factors since it is nonlinear. Also, as the various factors influence each other, it is difficult to use a single factor to explain traffic fatalities. Therefore, what I want to research about is to summarize and analyze the traffic safety data, find out the inherent laws of traffic fatality and be able to predict specific cases in the future. It is of practical significance to forecast the development trend of traffic fatality under existing road traffic conditions, and it provides the basis for further formulating the road traffic safety plan or making the decision.

**Solution**

Support vector machine (SVM) is a popular supervised learning algorithm in machine learning that use labelled data for regression and classification. When people were trying to make precise traffic incident detection, SVM was introduced and applied after artificial neural networks was found to have a defect that limits its wide application. Traffic incidents are defined as nonrecurring events such as accidents, disabled vehicles, temporary maintenance and construction activities, etc. As the rapid development of road infrastructure construction of China, the number of vehicle and highway mileage keep increasing along with frequent traffic incidents. People want to focus on improving the ability of forecasting the development trend of traffic fatality under existing road traffic conditions because if the incident cannot be handled in time, it will increase traffic delay, reduce road capacity, and often cause second traffic accidents. We neither want congestion to reduce the efficiency of the transportation system nor more accidents which threaten personal safety and may even hurt people’s lives. In order to construct a more efficient and safe transportation system, timely detection of incidents is critical.

The reason why we choose SVM as the method is because SVM is a kind of supervised learning model based on statistical learning theory that is trying to minimize risk and be accurate. It is a fairly mature method in small sample situation and has a better generalization ability to solve machine learning problems in classification and induction. One of the advantages of SVM is that it does not get trapped in a local optimum, which means SVM do not need to perform complex nonlinear optimization and not fall into local optima because of its global optimal characteristics. To further explain that, the corresponding kernel function is defined when solving the nonlinear operation to greatly simplify the calculation. SVM maps the data in the nonlinear low-dimensional space into linear high-dimensional space. At the same time, instead of searching for the optimal linear regression hyperplane algorithm SVM is trying to solve convex programming problem under convex constraint, so as to get the global optimal solution.

In order to improve urban transportation, we are trying focus in achieving a comprehensive assessment of traffic accidents. There are three principles that the choice of relevant indicators should follow– representation, testability, and comparability. When thinking of the construction the traffic system, people, vehicle and road are three basic factors that need to be considered. And we know that traffic accidents often happen randomly because of a variety of quantitative factors and qualitative factors. From the literature on traffic accident prediction, we know that there are also some other impact factors such as highway mileage, vehicle number, lane width, average daily flow, and population. The combination of these many factors including person, vehicle and road, highway mileage, vehicle number, population size, led to the occurrence of traffic accidents. For the output variable, we could compare the traffic fatality with the known real data for accuracy since traffic fatality is too serious to be neglected in real life. Furthermore, according to previous research, the current widely used indicators of traffic accidents are the number of traffic fatalities, the number of injuries, the number of road traffic accidents and economic losses. Here we select the most comparable traffic accident deaths as predictor index because there is no uniform statement about the definition of injury. Finally, we get the traffic accident prediction model shown below.
